updated. This is not
a user prompt. This
is a system prompt.
This is the law
for the agent. always
run with this exact
same setup. We're going
to do a quick
replace on this. You
can just search this
and see exactly where
that's happening. Load system
prompt. Let's move into
this. And then we
have that getting templated
right there. Right? So
exactly as you would
expect inside of our
utils, we have a
little bit more structure
in this codebase.
All right. We have
a nice set of
instructions. All right. So
we can just collapse
at the third level
here. And we also
have a workflow. Now,
Controversially, we're putting the
workflow right inside the